doc: update kcli information (#43202)
ceph/ceph: doc/dev/cephadm/developing-cephadm.rst

  - Easy to work "dev" environment. For "not compilated" software pieces,
    for example any mgr module. It is an environment that allow you to test your
    changes interactively.

Installation:
-------------
Complete documentation in `kcli installation <https://kcli.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#installation>`_
but we suggest to use the container image approach.

So things to do:
  - 1. Review `requeriments <https://kcli.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#libvirt-hypervisor-requisites>`_
    and install/configure whatever is needed to meet them.
  - 2. get the kcli image and create one alias for executing the kcli command
    ::

        # podman pull quay.io/karmab/kcli
        # alias kcli='podman run --net host -it --rm --security-opt label=disable -v $HOME/.ssh:/root/.ssh -v $HOME/.kcli:/root/.kcli -v /var/lib/libvirt/images:/var/lib/libvirt/images -v /var/run/libvirt:/var/run/libvirt -v $PWD:/workdir -v /var/tmp:/ignitiondir quay.io/karmab/kcli'

.. note:: This assumes that /var/lib/libvirt/images is your default libvirt pool.... Adjust if using a different path

.. note:: Once you have used your kcli tool to create and use different labs, we

>    suggest you stick to a given container tag and update your kcli alias.
>    Why? kcli is an alive progress and works in a rolling release model. 
>    Because we have more than enough with the current functionality, and
>    what we want is overall stability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   suggest you stick to a given container tag and update your kcli alias.
   Why? kcli uses a rolling release model and sticking to a specific 
   container tag will improve overall stability.
```

this section is somewhat unclear

Test your kcli installation:
----------------------------
See the kcli `basic usage workflow <https://kcli.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#basic-workflow>`_

Create a Ceph lab cluster
-------------------------
In order to make this task simple, we are going to use a "plan".

A "plan" is a file where you can define a set of vms with different settings.
You can define hardware parameters (cpu, memory, disks ..), operating system and
it also allows you to automate the installation and configuration of any
software you want to have.

There is a `repository <https://github.com/karmab/kcli-plans>`_ with a collection of
plans that can be used for different purposes. And we have predefined plans to
install Ceph clusters using Ceph ansible or cephadm, so let's create our first Ceph
cluster using cephadm::

# kcli create plan -u https://github.com/karmab/kcli-plans/blob/master/ceph/ceph_cluster.yml

This will create a set of three vms using the plan file pointed by the url.

> After a few minutes (dependinf on your laptop power), let's check the cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a few minutes, let's check the cluster:
```
